fixed broken security link on npm docs (#8710)
nextauthjs/next-auth: packages/next-auth/README.md

## Security

> If you think you have found a vulnerability (or not sure) in NextAuth.js or any of the related packages (i.e. Adapters), we ask you to have a read of our [Security Policy](https://authjs.dev/security) to reach out responsibly. Please do not open Pull Requests/Issues/Discussions before consulting with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you have found a vulnerability (or not sure) in NextAuth.js or any of the related packages (i.e. Adapters), we ask you to have a read of our [Security Policy](https://github.com/nextauthjs/next-auth/security/policy) to reach out responsibly. Please do not open Pull Requests/Issues/Discussions before consulting with us.
```
